docs: initial version of `ydbops` reference (#5359)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydbops/rolling-restart-scenario.md

The subcommand responsible for this operation is `ydbops restart`.

## General algorithm

There are multiple options to `ydbops restart` that act as filters. Filters are implicitly connected with and `AND` condition, meaning that if you supply multiple filters, only the nodes that satisfy all of them at once will be targeted.

Therefore, specifying no filters at all will target all nodes for restart.

There are two special filters that are an exception to these rule: `--storage` and `--tenant`: 
- specifying only `--storage` will filter storage nodes only;
- specifying only `--tenant` will filter tenant nodes only;
- however, specifying them both is `OR`-ed, selects all nodes and is equivalent to not specifying these two filters at all.

The algorithm will always work in two phases:
- first, it will determine whether any storage nodes fit the restart filters and restart these nodes only.
- after all storage nodes have been restarted (or it has been determined that no storage nodes are selected), the process repeats for tenant nodes.

## Examples

> The following examples assume you have also specified all the required connection options (such as endpoint or credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples assume you have specified all the required connection options (such as endpoint or credentials).
```

> ### Restarting all nodes in the cluster
> 
> The invocation would restart all the nodes in the cluster: all storage nodes first, followed by all tenant nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restarting all nodes in the cluster

The command will restart all the nodes in the cluster: all storage nodes first, followed by all tenant nodes.
```

```
ydbops restart 
```

> ### Restarting only storage\tenant nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restarting only storage or tenant nodes
```

It is possible to restart storage nodes only:

```
ydbops restart --storage
```

Or tenant nodes only:

```
ydbops restart --tenant
```

Additionally, only specific tenants may be restarted by specifying `--tenant-list`:

```

> ydbops restart --tenant-list=/domain/database_name_1,/domain/database_name_2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ydbops restart --tenant-list=</domain/database_name_1>,</domain/database_name_2>,...
```

```

> ### Restarting only specific nodes
> 
> It is possible to restart only specific nodes by supplying FQDNs with a `--hosts` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restarting only specific nodes

It is possible to restart nodes only on specific hosts by supplying FQDNs with the `--hosts` option:
```

```
ydbops restart --hosts=node1.some.zone,node2.some.zone
```

Or by supplying node ids directly:

```
ydbops restart --hosts=1,2,3
```

> ### Restarting based on uptime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restarting based on node uptime
```

> It is possible to restart only the nodes that have specific uptime by using `--started` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to restart only the nodes that have specific uptime by using the `--started` option:
```

```

> ydbops restart --started >2024-03-13T17:00:00Z

Reviewer: It looks like some quotes are missing. Currently, it seems like it will pipe the command output to "2024-03-13T17:00:00Z".

> # Performing {{ ydb-short-name }} cluster restart using ydbops

Reviewer 2: Generally I would expect 2 section in ToC for ydbops:
1. Scenarios
2. Reference

I suppose many details should go to reference

```bash
ydbops restart 
```

### Restarting only storage or tenant nodes

It is possible to restart storage nodes only:

```bash
ydbops restart --storage
```

Or tenant nodes only:

```bash
ydbops restart --tenant
```

Additionally, only specific tenants may be restarted by specifying `--tenant-list`:

```bash
ydbops restart --tenant-list=</domain/database_name_1>,</domain/database_name_2>,...
```

### Restarting only specific nodes

It is possible to restart nodes only on specific hosts by supplying FQDNs with the `--hosts` option:

```bash
ydbops restart --hosts=<node1.some.zone>,<node2.some.zone>
```

Or by supplying node ids directly:

```bash
ydbops restart --hosts=1,2,3
```

### Restarting based on node uptime

It is possible to restart only the nodes that have specific uptime by using the `--started` option:

The option argument needs to be enclosed in quotes, otherwise shell might interpret `>` or `<` signs as stream redirections. See the example:

```bash
ydbops restart --started '>2024-03-13T17:00:00Z'
```

It might be convenient to restart only the nodes that have been up for over a few minutes, as the others have just restarted recently.

> ### Restarting based on {{ ydb-short-name }} version
> 
> It is possible to restart only the nodes which version is equal (`==`), not equal (`!=`), more (`>`), or less (`<`) than desired.
> 
> The option argument needs to be enclosed in quotes, otherwise shell might interpret `>` or `<` signs as stream redirections. See the examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restarting based on {{ ydb-short-name }} version

It is possible to restart only the nodes whose version is equal to (`==`), not equal to (`!=`), greater than (`>`), or less than (`<`) the desired version.

The option argument needs to be enclosed in quotes; otherwise, the shell might interpret the `>` or `<` signs as stream redirections. See the examples:
```

```bash

> ydbops restart --version '>24.1.2'

Reviewer 2: does it work with hotfixes? ydb-stable-24-1-14-hotfix-9, for instance
